* 	File inclusion in PHP, PHP (Include and Require)
	include_once & required_once	
	include() and require()

		PHP allows us to create various functions and various elements 
		that are used multiple times in multiple pages. 

		Scripting the same function in multiple pages is a task of great effort and would consume time. 

		This can be avoided if we follow and use the concept of file inclusion 

		which helps us to include various files including text or codes into a single program which saves the effort of writing the full function or code multiple times. 

		If we want to change any code then instead of editing it in all the files, we just need to edit the source file and all codes will be automatically changed. 

		There are two functions which help us to include files:

		include() function
		require() function

	The include() function

	This function is used 
	to copy all the contents of a file called within the function, text wise into a file from which it is called. This happens before the server exceutes the code.
	
	
	include() :
This function is used to include a file in a PHP page. 

If include() function is not able to find a specified file on location at that time it will throw a warning message however, it will not stop script execution.

require():
This function is utilized to add a file in a PHP page. 

In case of require() function if it can't locate a specified file at that time it will generate a fatal error and it will stop the content execution.

include_once():

This function is utilized to add a file only once at a time. If the code from a file has been already included then it will not be added again if we use include_once(). If it can't locate a specified file at that time it will generate a warning message but it will not stop the content execution.

require_once():
In case the code from a php file has been already included then it will not be included again if we use require_once(). It implies require_once() will add the file just once at a time. If it can't locate a specified file, at that time it will generate a fatal error but it will stop the content execution.

Include	Require
Issues a warning when an error occurs	                Does not issue a warning
Execution of the script continues when an error occurs	Execution of the script stops when an error occurs.

<?php
include 'file_name';
?>

<?php
include_once 'file_name';
?>

<?php
require 'file_name';
?>

<?php
require_once 'file_name';
?>